<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#"/>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="Director" href="../../classes/Director.xhtml">Director</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">set_environment_type</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/framework/control/Director.php.xhtml#line955">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>Director::</small>set_environment_type</h1>
        <h4>Set the environment type of the current site.</h4>
        <p>Typically, a SilverStripe site have a number of environments:
 - development environments, such a copy on your local machine.
 - test sites, such as the one you show the client before going live.
 - the live site itself.
The behaviour of these environments often varies slightly.  For example, development sites may have errors
dumped to the screen, and order confirmation emails might be sent to the developer instead of the client.
To help with this, SilverStripe supports the notion of an environment type.  The environment type can be dev,
test, or live.
You can set it explicitly with Director::set_environment_tpye().  Or you can use
 and  to set it implicitly, based on the
value of $_SERVER['HTTP_HOST'].  If the HTTP_HOST value is one of the servers listed, then the environment type
will be test or dev.  Otherwise, the environment type will be live.
Dev mode can also be forced by putting ?isDev=1 in your URL, which will ask you to log in and then push the
site into dev mode for the remainder of the session. Putting ?isDev=0 onto the URL can turn it back.
Test mode can also be forced by putting ?isTest=1 in your URL, which will ask you to log in and then push the
site into test mode for the remainder of the session. Putting ?isTest=0 onto the URL can turn it back.
Generally speaking, these methods will be called from your _config.php file.
Once the environment type is set, it can be checked with , ,
and .
</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function set_environment_type(string
        $et )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$et</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd>The environment type: dev, test, or live.</dd>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
